a very good evening winnings become a
nice habit for Southampton here at st.
Mary's this evening Saints can catapult
into the Ligue 1 playoff positions if
results elsewhere go their way and
Dagenham and Redbridge promoted last
season from league to have yet to win on
the road in the league's it's Kelvin
Davis and goal the back for Dan Harding
Joseph on teh Dan Seaborn and Fraser
Richardson the midfield from the white
Chamberlain Dean Hammond the skipper
Richard Chappell oh and Adam Lallana up
front
and keeping their partnership going
Rickie Lambert and Lee Bernard the state
subs BL Koski Schneiderlin Dixon punchin
Dooley JD and Bignell here comes
Chamberlain facade Hampton down the
right on the counter and Chamberlain's
going inside and outside his defender
now outside Chamberlain crosses it to
the middle
flatten it achievement of scope
much running gold Saints in Dorset Upton
one Dagenham and Redbridge now well
that's actually driven by young Qinglin
really hard suckers offense under Pumbaa
turn them inside out thought to the line
the goal one-nil the sins according to
keep the back wall fresh to play the
game and the opponent's half his
Chamberlain and Chamberlain
tabling the keeper was only a couple of
yards off his line I've got the right
flank
he saw the shipped it over to keepers of
a sublime angle to for Chamberlain to
weather conditions up north us evening a
monsoon causing the abandonment of a
couple of games we'll come back to live
in a minute because alarm has gone round
Oh Nenana will square it to make it free
of the provider and swept home from
close lanes by Lee Barnard his fourth
all of the season and now Saints are
cruising to three points here at st.
Mary's in Southampton three Dagenham and
Redbridge nail and that nurse can't
intercept as the balls played four by
Harding and Chamberlain switch flags to
the left and Chamberlain's quick down
the left side he'll cross it to the far
post
well Chamberlain is having a night to
remember here at st. Mary's he's been
devastating down the right
blistering down the left and such an
accurate cross and pontius headed home
his third goal of the season Saints
includes control son huntin for Dagenham
and Redbridge now that is absolute class
he's gone down the left-hand side
he's think appalled of just as the
riches the deadfall line to the back of
the six yard box it's an absolutely not
in the sponsor head to Dean but what a
quality ball he's chucked the fullback
on his left them for dead wonderful pace
great pickup first class delivery great
goal